everybody I'm Jason right with the Cisco
marketing group and I want to talk to
you today about a very important vote
earner ability and a lot of perimeter
network security solutions and that's
the SSL encrypted traffic a lot of our
websites that are commonly used today
are using SSL decrypted encrypted
traffic and so Google and Facebook
they're defaulting to the SSL based
encrypted traffic and in fact we think
about two-thirds of all Internet traffic
could be encrypted by the end of this
year in 2016 so so much of this is is
being used by attackers to actually
attack networks they're hiding their
attacks in encrypted traffic streams to
avoid detection and inspection so their
malware their spyware their ransomware
could all come through on encrypted
channels and try to evade detection that
way but it's also an outbound problem
because insiders could use encrypted
traffic to send information out or the
malware itself could be using encrypted
channels to send out personal
information and the sensitive
information that it's trying to steal so
a big problem with encrypted traffic and
all of our security devices on the
market especially Cisco fire-powered
technologies are gonna need to be seeing
a decrypted traffic stream in order to
do to inspect effectively and they can
do this as an unboxing but as soon as
you start to scale up into any type of
higher performing network you're really
going to want to start to consider an
off box solution and that's why we've
partnered with 810 networks and the
Thunderer SSL I appliance to decrypt
that traffic before it passes that
traffic off to the Cisco fire power
appliance for inspection so once we see
the the Cisco fire power appliance is
able to see that an unencrypted traffic
it could do a much better job of
inspection and like I said it is able to
do some decryption on box but the
problem is when you scale that up you
get into a real processing problem and
it takes a lot of processing power to do
that encryption and decryption so it
becomes a much better solution to do
this as an off box scenario now not only
can we preserve performance with a 10
but a 10 can set policies around
which traffic it does and does not want
to decrypt for example if there were
some health care oriented information
that should be private or some financial
information that we need to keep private
especially in European countries where
there are laws around this you want to
be able to say okay do not decrypt
certain traffic streams that are
originated from my clients Network and
that's what we're able to do with the
810 thunderous sli as well so you can
set policy about what you do and do not
want to decrypt so not only we're
preserving performance and setting
flexible policy but a10 is also able to
load balance sessions across banks of
Cisco firepower next-generation
firewalls so that is going to allow us
to increase capacity and scale our
flexibility to be able to add additional
devices as we need to and at the heart
of all this is the advanced core
operating system from a10 and that's
using specialized hardware that's able
to perform this mathematical encryption
and decryption function very quickly
even if we're using long SSL ciphers or
high key length numbers so while
currently there is a huge blind spot in
a lot of organizations perimeter
inspection technologies because of the
ssl encryption attackers are able to
hide inside that however with the a10
network solution working in conjunction
with cisco firepower we're able to
decrypt that traffic and preserve our
network performance and security while
also completely scaling our solution and
ensuring the availability as we need to
add up additional resources into the
network so a great solution from cisco
and and 18 networks that's designed to
close that gap and shine a light on a
blind spot that otherwise exists so be
sure to talk to your 18 networks and
your cisco representatives about how we
can work together to create a very
comprehensive and highly scaleable
solution that closes the blind spot that
has been created by SSL encrypted
traffic thanks for tuning in
you